Update sdk v4 links - Partially closes #1405 (#1415)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/references/lisk-elements/validator.adoc

= Validator

> :description: All installation and updates for the Lisk validator are given here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: All installation requirements and updates for the Lisk validator are provided here.
```

Author: ```suggestion
```
